update release docs (#5181)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: CHANGELOG.md

- Save also complete penetrance status (in addition to incomplete) if available when loading specific/all PanelApp panels (does not apply to the `PanelApp Green Genes panel`)
- Variants and managed variants query by coordinates, which was returning all variants in the chromosome if start position was 0
- Compound loading matches also "chr"-containing compound variant names

> - Release docs to include instrucion on upgrading dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Release docs to include instructions for upgrading dependencies
```
